# Meeting_Reminder

Why could our application work fine for January 7th but fail for January 13th? There could be a bunch of reasons. But in general, when dates are involved in a failure, the problem is due to how the dates are formatted. In some countries, the dates are written with the month first and the day second. While in other countries, it's the other way around. 

The meeting_reminder.sh script is calling a program called **Zenity**. Zenity is the application showing the window to select the date, title, and emails. The output generated by Zenity is stored in a variable called meeting_info, which is then passed as a parameter to the send_reminders.py, Python 3 script.

**Root Cause:**

we see that the problem is that the date format we are using is putting the month first, but the program is expecting to have the month second. As there's no month 13, this is an invalid date. So we found the root cause of the problem. The program is trying to convert the date assuming one specific date format, but we're using a different format.
So the root cause is a **mismatch between the date formats used by this Zenity invocation and the Python script**.

**Remdediate the Problem:**

We could change the program to use our date format, but then the application would break for people running it in a different location. What we need to do is make sure that no matter where we run the script, the date generated by Zenity matches the date expected by Python.
Fortunately, Zenity includes a parameter to specify any format we want.

So we'll change the shell script to use the **-- forms-date-format** parameter and set the format to **%y -%m-%d**, which is the international standard date format.

With that, Zenity will return the date in the international format. Now, we need to change the Python script to use the same format. We'll go to the function that has the format specified and change it to the same format.


This is a part of [Coursera Troubleshooting and Debugging Techniques](https://www.coursera.org/learn/troubleshooting-debugging-techniques).
